feat(changelog): mongodb-added-ability-to-addremove-public-endpoints 2025-02-24 (#4482)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2025/2025-02-24-mongodb-added-ability-to-addremove-public-endpoints.mdx

---

> title: Ability to add/remove public endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Ability to add and remove public endpoints
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #managed-mongodb-public-beta channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2025-02-24
category: databases
product: mongodb
---

> You are now able to remove public endpoints from Managed MongoDB® instances to keep them inaccessible from internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public endpoints can now be removed from Managed MongoDB® instances to keep them inaccessible from the internet.
```

> Public endpoints can now be removed from Managed MongoDB® instances to keep them inaccessible from the internet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Public endpoints can now be removed from Managed MongoDB® Instances to keep them inaccessible from the internet.
```
